add data type and time zone considerations (#6335)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/metricflow-time-spine.md

- This is useful for calculating metrics based on a custom calendar, such as fiscal quarters or weeks. 
- Use the `custom_granularities` key to define a non-standard time period for querying data, such as a `retail_month` or `fiscal_week`, instead of standard options like `day`, `month`, or `year`.
- This feature provides more control over how time-based metrics are calculated.

> ### Data types and time zone considerations

Author: ```suggestion
<Expandable alt_header="Data types and time zone considerations">
```

When working with custom calendars in MetricFlow, it's important to ensure:

- Consistent data types &mdash; Both your dimension column and the time spine column should use the same data type to allow accurate comparisons. Functions like `DATE_TRUNC` don't change the data type of the input in some databases (like Snowflake). Using different data types can lead to mismatches and inaccurate results.

  We recommend using `DATETIME` or `TIMESTAMP` data types for your time dimensions and time spine, as they support all granularities. The `DATE` data type may not support higher granularities like hours or minutes.

- Consistent time zones &mdash; Ensure that all your time-related data uses the same time zone. MetricFlow currently doesn't perform any timezone manipulation and inconsistent time zones can cause unexpected results during aggregations and comparisons.

For example:
If your time spine column is `TIMESTAMP` type and your dimension column is `DATE` type, comparisons between these columns might not work as intended. To fix this, convert your `DATE` column to `TIMESTAMP`, or make sure both columns are the same data type.

> 

Author: ```suggestion
</Expandable>
```

- This is useful for calculating metrics based on a custom calendar, such as fiscal quarters or weeks. 
- Use the `custom_granularities` key to define a non-standard time period for querying data, such as a `retail_month` or `fiscal_week`, instead of standard options like `day`, `month`, or `year`.
- This feature provides more control over how time-based metrics are calculated.

<Expandable alt_header="Data types and time zone considerations">
 
When working with custom calendars in MetricFlow, it's important to ensure:

- Consistent data types &mdash; Both your dimension column and the time spine column should use the same data type to allow accurate comparisons. Functions like `DATE_TRUNC` don't change the data type of the input in some databases (like Snowflake). Using different data types can lead to mismatches and inaccurate results.

>   We recommend using `DATETIME` or `TIMESTAMP` data types for your time dimensions and time spine, as they support all granularities. The `DATE` data type may not support higher granularities like hours or minutes.

Reviewer: nit: `higher` -> `smaller`

>   We recommend using `DATETIME` or `TIMESTAMP` data types for your time dimensions and time spine, as they support all granularities. The `DATE` data type may not support higher granularities like hours or minutes.

Author: ```suggestion
  We recommend using `DATETIME` or `TIMESTAMP` data types for your time dimensions and time spine, as they support all granularities. The `DATE` data type may not support smaller granularities like hours or minutes.
```

> - Consistent time zones &mdash; Ensure that all your time-related data uses the same time zone. MetricFlow supports UTC and currently doesn't perform any timezone manipulation. This means inconsistent time zones can cause unexpected results during aggregations and comparisons.

Reviewer: I would change this section slightly:
`Time zones &mdash; MetricFlow currently doesn't perform any timezone manipulation. When working with timezone-aware data, inconsistent time zones may lead to unexpected results during aggregations and comparisons.`
Reasons for the change:
- MF doesn't support UTC per se, it just ignores timezones entirely. UTC is just the most common way that people are likely to store their data for timezone consistency.
- I don't think we should ask them to ensure all their data uses the same timezone since they might have a valid reason for not doing that. We just want to warn them that there might be weird interactions in that case.

Author: good callout!

> - Consistent time zones &mdash; Ensure that all your time-related data uses the same time zone. MetricFlow supports UTC and currently doesn't perform any timezone manipulation. This means inconsistent time zones can cause unexpected results during aggregations and comparisons.

Author: ```suggestion
- Time zones &mdash; MetricFlow currently doesn't perform any timezone manipulation. When working with timezone-aware data, inconsistent time zones may lead to unexpected results during aggregations and comparisons.
```
